Add coverage with llvm-cov (#1)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-cmake-llvm-cov-gh-actions-sc: README.adoc

:note-caption: :information_source:
NOTE: This simple example ignores https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#analysis-cache[analysis cache] and https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#parallel-code-scan[multithreaded execution] both of which can boost analysis significantly.

It is very easy to analyze a C, C++ and Objective-C project with SonarCloud with coverage and https://docs.sonarcloud.io/getting-started/github/[GitHub Actions]:

. Create a `sonar-project.properties` file to store your configuration
. In your `.github/workflows/build.yml` file:
.. Download the https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/ci-based-analysis/sonarscanner-cli/[Sonar Scanner]
.. Download the https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#analysis-steps-using-build-wrapper[Build Wrapper]
.. Wrap your compilation with the Build Wrapper
* Add the `-fprofile-instr-generate -fcoverage-mapping` compilation flags to instrument the binaries
.. Run the tests to generate the test coverage information

> * After each test, "default.profraw" file will be generated. Make sure to move it someplace, to avoid overwriting with another test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After each test run, "default.profraw" file will be generated. Make sure to move it someplace, to avoid overwriting with another test run.
```

> .. Merge the coverage information from all test runs and convert it into a format compatible with llvm-cov using `llvm-profdata merge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Merge the coverage information from all test runs and convert the result into a format compatible with llvm-cov using `llvm-profdata merge`
```

> .. Run `llvm-cov show` and feed it all the test files (or all object files you are interested in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Run `llvm-cov show` and feed it with all the test files (or all object files) you are interested in.
```

Author: This is not what I meant to say in this sentence. Would the following be more understandable, @amelie-renard-sonarsource ?
```suggestion
.. Run `llvm-cov show` on all the test executable files (or all object files you are interested in).
```

Reviewer: Yes, that's better, thanks!
